vi in---
layout: page
title: Deltares topics
permalink: /potentialtopics/deltares/
---


#### CIPRNet geo DSS

In the framework of the European project [CIPRnet](https://publicwiki.deltares.nl/display/OET/Data), a platform for a DSS (Decision Supporting System) has to be tested and further developed to manage geospatial information. The geo DSS tool will have to perform analyses in order to predict the impact of extreme events on a [network of Critical Infrastructures](https://www.ciprnet.eu) (CI) disseminated in the EU area, for instance the effect of flooding on electricity cables. The DSS relies on different data sources which contain maps and geo-referenced features, observations and model results. The DSS will be based on [geoSDI](http://www.geosdi.org), a webGIS platform for emergency situations (e.g. landslides, earth quakes) developed for the Italian Ministry of Civil Protection. In case of internet interruption, the geoDSS system will have to guarantee a sufficient level of operability of critical information. For that reason, a smart mechanism has to be devised to ensure up-to-date caches of data within each institute. 

The student will have to discover relevant geo data regarding hazards and vulnerabilities from National and European Institutes and configure it in geoSDI. Furthermore, the student will have to investigate OGC Web Services methods for data acquisition and linking. As final step, the student has to deploy an in-house geospatial database and build a framework to strategically update the database. The expected outcome of the traineeship activities is the construction of a dynamic, internal database to be hosted in Deltares as part of the OpenEarth  stack3 and linked to the DSS platform. The database will be coupled to a test emergency control room (Id-Lab) at Deltares. 


#### Towards a global multi-resolution bathymetry/DEM

The accuracy of storm surge and tsunami (coastal) inundation computations using numerical models is predominantly determined by the accuracy of the input data: forcing, bathymetry and Digital Elevation Model - DEM. Inaccuracies of the forcing (wind / pressure field and or tsunami excitation) can be overcome by e.g. running multiple scenarios using probabilistic techniques. Existing bathymetry and DEM, especially derived from the global data set, are however treated ‘as is’, although they are known to be inaccurate and have a coarse resolution. The difference between different global data sets and thier vertical accuracy has been evaluated in many studies (e.g. Rodriguez et al., 2006; Roemer et al., 2013; Lewis et al., 2013, Gorokhovich & Voustianiouk, 2006; Bhakar et al., 2010; Nikolapoulos et al., 2006). Some studies focussing on coastal flat areas describe an overestimation of radar-generated global data like SRTM90. The overestimation occurs especially in areas with dense vegetation. This offsets can have a big impact on the results of inundation modeling, i.e. sever underestimation of flooding (Roemer et al., 2013). We are looking for MSc students to investigate the possibility of improving the present global data sets and combine them in a structural manner (e.g. correct the SRTM data set using global vegetation cover datasets), thereby producing a consistent multi-resolution dataset with a Deltares approved quality flag. The approach should be easily extendable, to add better quality data in future. At Deltares there is already the Delft Dashboard tool that allows to combine manually: global (SRTM90, Gebco08, ACE2, ETOPO1), USGS (Hawaii, San Francisco, Southern California), SURA data (Gulf of Mexico), EU EMODnet (Greater North Sea, Western Mediterranean, Ionian Sea, Central Mediterranean Sea, Iberian Coast and Bay of Biscay, Adriatic Sea, Aegean - Levantine Sea, Macaronesia, Baltic Sea, Black Sea, Norwegian and Icelandic Seas, Canary Islands), Australia, Navigation charts along the entire US coast , Netherlands (RWS vaklodingen). 

*Required skills*: Matlab, python, OGC web services: WCS, netCDF/OPeNDAP 

