---
layout: post
title:  "Next P1 is 15 April 2015 at 9:00"
author: Hugo Ledoux
date:   2016-03-29 09:35
---

The P1 sesssion for those who started their graduation in February 2016 is confirmed:

  > When: Friday 15th April 2016, 9:00-10:30
  
  > Where: Think Room (BK City)

The schedule for the P1 is as follows (there are 6 students presenting), each session is 15min:

  1. a ~7min-presentation where you present the problem you'll solve, why you are working on this (its links to Geomatics), how you plan to solve the problem (your research objectives), and if possible related work (what has been done on the topic by others).
  2. ~8min of questions and comments from the staff present and your fellow students.

*You are expected to be present at all presentations, not only yours.*
The aim of the P1 is to help each others.
Your 1st mentor should be present, remind her/him.
Your 2nd mentor can of course come, but it's not mandatory (although she/he can replace the 1st).

#### Preparation

There is nothing to formally submit, but you should have discussed with your mentors the *draft* project proposal, and thus know what your title, research objectives and problematic are. You have to give a presentation about these, and the feedback you get is used to write the full P2 project proposal.

I have put [more details concerning the P2 graduation plan](http://tudelftgeomatics.github.io/thesis/templates/), along with one good example from last year. 
Your mentors are in charge of helping you write it, and will give you more details and help.
If something is not clear, please let me know.

#### To be sent to me

I'd like to bundle together the students who have the same supervisors.
Could you therefore please send me an email (`<h.ledoux@tudelft.nl>`) as soon as you know all the following:

  1. (tentative) title
  2. one line research objective you'll tackle
  3. 1st mentor
  4. 2nd mentor
  5. if applicable, which company is involved?
