---
layout: post
title:  "More info about the P2"
author: Hugo Ledoux
date:   2018-12-19 17:40
---

The P2 have been planned, and yours should be in your [mytimetable](https://mytimetable.tudelft.nl/). 
If not, search for a course with your family name, it should be listed.

Please read the [graduation manual 2018-2019]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/rules/GraduationManualGeomatics2018-2019.pdf) carefully to know what you need to do.
What out for this:

  Hand in the Graduation Plan to the Mentors and and send Graduation Plan to the Secretariat of the Board of Examiners at least one week before P2.

The email to use is <Examencommissie-BK@tudelft.nl>, and don't forget to send it directly to the chairperson of your P2, which is also the representative of the Board of Examiners. 
That person is listed as the 3rd one in your [mytimetable entry](https://mytimetable.tudelft.nl/), [see this example](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/22gr7xc62do8jbs/2017-01-09%20at%2017.19.png).
If no such person is listed, then just email to the supervisors and the email above.

For the graduation plan, see the [guidelines](https://3d.bk.tudelft.nl/courses/geo2020/templates/#p2-template).
Basically, use the template in the Appendix 2 of the graduation manual for the information needed, but for the main text, you can just write "see attached" and attach your text (written in LaTeX for example).

Your presentation is 15min, followed by 15min of questions, and then 15min for appraisal.
I know, I know, that makes 45min total, and not 1h as planned.

Keep in mind that P2 is a serious milestone, and that we expect you to have worked for 10 weeks full time on your project. 
The evaluation committee wants to know if you'll be able to finish within 6mo after the P2.
If not, then you'll have to go back to P0 and register again for the next P2 period, which is 6mo later.

Good luck for the final preparations,
Hugo

